Add AWS Static Roles support (#1877)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault: website/docs/r/aws_secret_backend_static_role.md

---

# vault\_aws\_secret\_backend\_static\_role

Creates a static role for AWS Secret Backend for Vault.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl

resource "vault_aws_secret_backend" "aws" {
	path = "%s"
	description = "Obtain AWS credentials."
}

resource "vault_aws_secret_backend_static_role" "role" {
	backend = vault_aws_secret_backend.aws.path
	name = "test"
	username = "%s"
	rotation_period = "3600"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `backend` - (Optional) The unique path this backend should be mounted at. Must
  not begin or end with a `/`. Defaults to `aws`

> * `username` - (Required) The username of the existing LDAP entry to manage password rotation for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `username` - (Required) The username of the existing AWS IAM to manage password rotation for.
```

Author: 🤦🏽‍♀️  I even checked to make sure I didn't miss any
